>> Will Sentance: That final piece there
was very much an appendix for everybody to
enjoy knowing absolutely, intricately,
intimately, every last piece of node.
What is this monstrosity we see before us?
But hopefully that can help you when
you're going into those interviews.
And also, the interesting piece,
ability to have a function run when
all IO callback functions are done.
That's pretty cool.
And knowing exactly how these
are going to execute it.
Especially this promised-based
API is in no degree more typical
knowing that those associated functions
will go in this very first queue.
There it is people, some closing words
node folk is the most powerful technology
that has emerged for, I don't even know,
10 at least 10 years.
But even as it is something that allows
you to build scale applications.
Grand visions like LinkedIn,
Netflix, Uber, etc.
it really all comes down to labels from
JavaScript that's trigger or setup
node C ++ features that give us access
to the computer's internal features.
Cuz that's where the interesting stuff is
on any computer, most importantly of all,
the ability to access our
networking feature of our computer.
We don't have access in JavaScript so
we get access via C++.
And when an inbound request comes we rely
on node to take the function we told
it to run, and run it automatic first
in JavaScript, and fill in its inputs.
It's-
>> Speaker 2: Execution.
>> Will Sentance: That's almost always
the right word but not this time.
It's-
>> Speaker 2: Argument.
>> Will Sentance: Argument, well done.
It's all done.
It's argument with
the exact relevant data.
Is it the data from the file?
Is it the error data,
is it the inbound message,
is it an object full of functions that
let us set the data to send back?
And that's it, everything that,
if we do another node talk.
Maybe we will talk about the fact that
we can split our JavaScript code up into
multiple files, and then bring it so
we can think about it separately.
But have it all run at once,
without it conflicting with each other.
So it's a module pattern using closure and
that's for
scoping my favorite feature JavaScript.
We'll talk about probably
things like cluster.
We will probably talk about,
there was something else,
some specifics of details
of error handling.
And we'll probably actually use the new,
went from experimental last
week to stable in node version.
12 promise API promise
based Fs file system,
you can now use the promise
structure to access a file system.
We'll see that if we do another node talk.
But for now people, thank you very much
for your incredible commitment and
engagement and
see you at another talk soon.
Thank you, folk.
>> [APPLAUSE]